Update Technical FAQ Answer (#889)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/faq/technical-faqs.md

### 4. Error: Wrong Block.Header.AppHash. Expected xxxx

> This error usually occurs when Heimdall service is stuck on a block and there are no Rewind options available on Heimdall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error usually occurs when the Heimdall service is stuck on a block; there is no reversal method available on Heimdall.
```

To resolve this, you need to reset Heimdall completely:

> ```jsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

    sudo service heimdalld stop

    heimdalld unsafe-reset-all
```

After that, you should sync from the snapshot again:

> ```jsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

    wget -c <Snapshot URL>

    tar -xzvf <snapshot file> -C <HEIMDALL_DATA_DIRECTORY>

```

> Then start Heimdall services again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, start the Heimdall services again.
```
